Introduction to the book

When I started developing what was at the time nothing more than a small booklet whose first file was lost and of which only 3 printed copies exist (one copy remained with me, one with the founder of HumuSapiens and one with the priest of Traversara) it became, with due commitment and due dedication, a beautiful expanse of elements from which in part perhaps there is not much to learn but of which for some of them instead the content is of a certain interest, at least perhaps for some. In the end, after an effort lasting several consecutive months (I can't say exactly how long, maybe even a year?) in the end I wrote about 600 or so elements, and in addition to them I also wrote some projects that I consider interesting for the territory or in general as ideas for inventions in themselves. I have not included them all in section C because they are rather substantial in some cases, but if I wanted I could also add them to that section (which is dedicated to inventions if I remember correctly). I plan (in the future) to also create a sort of book of these philosophical elements, just so that they are not lost. I know that when I die or in the future my website could disappear (not having children I suppose that no one will renew my domain and continue my adventure) and in time even this computer of mine that I am using to type all these texts could stop working, and so if I manage to publish them online (I presume on Amazon) as a printable book, then I will have already saved this effort of mine and these discoveries of mine safe for posterity. That is my only goal. Life goes on, slips away slowly and what remains of us on this planet? Well, I wanted at least this effort of mine of writing content not to be lost but to remain for generations to come. So, even if there are contents that are also quite indecent (see A_279) there are those that are instead in the opposite direction (A_182) or that still have a simple and practical use (see A_602). In general, some discoveries I've made that I consider significant (like the one that after urinating near trees when I was going to bed I was then "paid" by nature) have changed my life significantly, but it's certainly not the only discovery I've made that has amazed me. It's been a while (we're talking months and months) that I haven't had a steady income and this is obviously affecting my life, but what I know is that when I go back to work I'll have less time to write and dedicate myself to projects (this philosophical project wasn't exactly my dream but I ended up in it and so I developed it properly). Because yes, I dreamed of developing a video game and I haven't succeeded yet. It's a dream I've had since I was a boy. And I don't think I'll succeed either, because it's not easy to have an idea and develop it alone and be able to sell it on a video game e-commerce, but maybe one day I'll succeed. Maybe, if I manage to retire, I will be able to dedicate myself to it, or in another phase of my life, who knows. In any case, I am grateful for what I have managed to put together so far and I hope that other people will be able to make wise use of it, in the future. I would like to point out that for the Italian version, the entire text was written by me (Marco Bagnaresi) while for the English version, it was all translated using Google Translate and making minimal changes.